Reasoning and Rational Decision Making
Categorical Statements

Ima navigates to the main website, and sees a header with options.  The left side of this header has a pulldown menu which contains an option for “Critical Thinking Project”.

Ima clicks the option for “Critical Thinking Project” and is taken to a page with three components:  A reflective statement, a set of instructions, and a game.  The top of the page still has the menu header.

Ima sees a question about the kind of transformation that was used to make a given categorical statement.  It contains a question of the form "What transformation was used to transform the first categorical statement into the second?".  It contains a pair of statements such as "No salmon are angry" and "No angry things are salmon".  It contains options for each of the transformation types "Obversion", "Conversion", and "Contraposition".

Ima clicks an incorrect transformation, such as "Obversion", and is given a message indicating that they chose incorrectly.  The question remains, but the chosen incorrect answer is disabled.

Ima clicks a correct transformation, such as "Conversion", and is given a message indicating that they chose correctly.  The question changes, as do the answers and available information.

Ima sees a question about the kind of relationship between two variations of a given categorical statement.  It contains a question of the form "What is the relationship from the first statement to the second?".  It contains a pair of statements such as "All people are happy" and "Some people are happy".  It contains options for each of the relationship types:
"Contrary", "Subaltern", "Superaltern", "Contradictory", "Subcontrary"

Ima clicks an incorrect relationship, such as "Subaltern", and is given a message indicating that they chose incorrectly.  The question remains, but the chosen incorrect answer is disabled.

Ima clicks a correct transformation, such as "Superaltern", and is given a message indicating that they chose correctly.  The question changes, as do the answers and available information.

Ima sees a question about the results of a transformation on a given categorical statement.  It contains a question of the form "What is the resulting statement when the given transform is applied to the given statement?".  It contains a transform, such as "Obversion", and a statement, such as "All children are young".  It contains options for each valid transformation of the statement:
"No child is not young", "All non-children are old"

Ima clicks an incorrect result statement, such as "All young people are children", and is given a message indicating that they chose incorrectly.  The question remains, but the chosen incorrect answer is disabled.

Ima clicks a correct result statement, such as "No child is not young", and is given a message indicating that they chose correctly.  The question changes, as do the answers and available information.

Ima sees a question about the relationship between statements.  It contains a question of the form "What statement shares the given relationship with the given statement?".  It contains a relationship, such as "Contrary", and a statement, such as "No fish can swim".  It contains options for each possible kind of categorical statement, such as:
"All fish can swim", "Some fish can swim", "Some fish cannot swim".

Ima clicks an incorrect result statement, such as "Some fish can swim", and is given a message indicating that they chose incorrectly.  The question remains, but the chosen incorrect answer is disabled.

Ima clicks a correct result statement, such as "All fish can swim", and is given a message indicating that they chose incorrectly.  The question remains, but the chosen incorrect answer is disabled.

Ima sees a question about the inverse transformation of a statement.  It contains a question of the form "What statement was used with the given transform to produce the given statement?".  It contains a transform, such as "Obversion", and a transformed statement such as "No child is not young".  It also contains a series of statements, only one of which would have resulted in the given statement if the given transform was applied.  Examples are "All children are young", "Some children are young", "Some children are not young".

Ima sees a question about the form of a statement.  It contains a question of the form "What form is the given statement?"  It contains a statement such as "No chickens are feathered", and a list of possible forms: "Universal affirmative", "Universal negative", "Particular affirmative", "Particular negative"

Ima sees a question about the statement corresponding to a form.  It contains a quesiton of the form "What statement has the given form?"  It contains a form, such as "Universal Negative", and statements corresponding to each possible form: "All fruit are tasty", "Some fruit are tasty", "No fruit is tasty", "Some fruit is not tasty".

Ima sees a question about the valid inferrence of a statement.  It contains a question of the form "Which inferrence is valid for the given statment?"  It contains a statement of the form "Some apples are red", and a list of transformed statements, which are inferences.  "Some red things are apples", "Some apples are not nonred", "Some nonred things are not"

Shorthand stories to expand upon:

8 types of questions:
*   2 statements -> Guess the transformation
*   2 statements -> Guess the relationship
*   1 statement, 1 transformation -> Guess the transformed statement
*   1 statement, 1 relationship -> Guess the related statement
    1 transformed statement, 1 transformation -> Guess original statement
    1 statement -> Guess the form
    1 form -> Guess the corresponding statement
    1 statement -> Guess the valid inferrence

Things that need to be possible for those questions to work:
    Ability to generate categories from words or phrases
    Ability to generate categorical statements from categories
    Ability to reversibly transform categorical statements
    Ability to generate each form of statement from the same categories
    Ability to generate basic inferrences from categorical statements
    Ability to generate the relationship between two forms of a categorical statement
