Ima navigates to BlinkWink.com and is taken to the main page of the site.

Using their desktop, they see a row of options at the top, with a pulldown menu on the left side, containing more options.

Using a smaller screen, all of the options are collapsed into the menu, with the options that made up the visible section being presented first in the menu.

The available options include a login option.

Ima clicks the login option and is taken to a login page.

The login page contains the same header menu, and a login form.

The form contains a field for a username, a field for a password, a link in case Ima has forgotten their credentials, and a link in case Ima hasn't registered an account yet.

Below these options is a sign-in button.

Ima attempts to enter a username, having not yet created an account.  They then press the sign-in button.  Ima is informed that either the username or password is incorrect, and that they should check their credentials and try again.

Ima's username remains filled in the form, despite the appearance of this message.

Ima deletes the username, and enters a password instead, followed by again pressing the sign-in button.  Ima is again informed that either the username or password is incorrect, and that they should check their credentials and try again.

Ima's password field is emptied after this occurs, leaving the form blank.

Ima enters both a username and a password, and presses the sign-in button.  Ima is once again presented with the message that either their username or password is incorrect, and that they should check their credentials and try again.

Ima presses the "Forgot Password" link.  This takes them to a new page, with a simpler form.  The header menu is present on this page as well.

Ima sees a form with a field for an email address, and a submit button.  Ima also sees two more links; there is a link back to the login page, and a second link to the registration page.

Ima clicks the submit button, without entering an email address.  They are shown a message informing them that they must enter a valid email address first.

Ima enters an invalid email address, and presses the submit button.  They are again shown a message informing them that they must enter a valid email address first.  The form is cleared in the process.

Ima enters a valid email address that does not correspond with a known user, namely their own email address, and then presses the submit button.  Ima is taken back to the login page, this time with a message informing them that if the given email is associated with an account, it will receive an email with a link in need of clicking.

Ima selects the option to register, from the login page, and is taken to a new page.  This page has the same header menu, and also contains a form for registering a new account.

The form consists of a field for email, a confirmation field, a password field, and a confirmation field for the password as well.  There is also a submit button, and two links.  One link returns to the login page, and the other navigates to the forgot password page.  All fields are marked as required.

Ima enters an invalid email in the first field, and attempts to submit the form.  All fields are highlighted and a message appears informing Ima that there are required fields which do not have valid data in them.  The invalid email field is unchanged.

Ima enters a valid email in the first field, and attempts to submit the form.  The remaining empty fields are highlighted, and the same message appears.  The email remains filled out.

Ima removes the valid email and enters an invalid email in the email confirmation field.  As they begin typing, the confirmation field highlights, and a message appears above it informing Ima that the email does not match the original (empty) field.

They then press submit.  All fields again highlight, and the same message again appears.  The confirmation email field remains filled out.

Ima enters a valid email in the email confirmation field.  As they begin typing, there is the same message above the field about mismatched emails, and the field highlights.

Ima presses submit.  All fields are highlighted, and the same message appears.  The confirmation email field remains filled out.

Ima enters an invalid email in both email fields.  As the confirmation field has information entered it is highlighted as before.  Once the confirmation field matches the first field, such that they both have the same invalid email, the highlighting and message disappear.

Ima presses submit.  All four fields are highlighted, and the message appears again.  The email fields are unchanged.

Ima enters an invalid email in the first slot and a valid email in the second slot.  As they enter the info in the confirmation field, it again highlights as not matching the first field.

Ima presses submit, and all four fields are highlighted, and the message again appears.  The email fields are unchanged.

Ima enters valid emails corresponding to an existing user in both fields, and presses submit.  The password fields are highlighted, and the same message again appears, with the emails unchanged.

Ima enters valid existing emails in both fields, and enters an invalid password in the first password field.  Ima presses submit, and the same message about invalid fields appears with the emails unchanged, but the password removed.

Ima enters valid existing emails in both fields, and also enters invalid, but matching, passwords in both password fields.  Ima presses submit.  A message about the password not being valid is shown, listing the specific rules that were violated.  The invalid passwords are removed, but the emails remain.

Ima enters valid existing emails in both fields, and also enters valid, but not matching, passwords in both password fields.  The confirmation password is highlighted, and a message appears above its field about the mismatch.  Ima clicks submit.  A message about invalid fields is shown, with the passwords being removed.

Ima enters valid, matching passwords, but removes the emails entirely, and clicks submit.  A message about invalid fields is shown, with the passwords being removed.

Ima enters valid, matching, emails that already exists in the system, and valid matching passwords, and then clicks submit.  A message appears informing ima that the chosen email is already in use.  The passwords are removed.

Ima enters valid, matching, emails that do not exist in the system, and valid matching passwords, and clicks submit.  Ima is taken to a confirmation screen with a message informing them that a confirmation email was sent.

After seeing the confirmation screen, Ima returns to the registration page and attempts to reregister with the same valid email and password.  When Ima clicks submit, a message appears informing Ima that the email is already in use.

Remaining stuff to story:
    Confirm Registration email
        confirm email clicks cancel -> removes user from DB

        confirm email not clicked, try to log in -> unconfirmed acct msg

        confirm email not clicked, try to recover pass -> unconfirmed acct msg

        confirm email not clicked, try to reregister -> email in use msg

        confirm email clicks confirm -> taken to login page

    Password reset
        after confirm, try to recover pass -> get pw recover email

        reset email expires, try to log in -> acct locked message

        reset email not clicked, reset pw -> get new confirmation email, first is invalidated

        reset email confirmed -> pw page shown

    Account lock
        after confirm, fail to log in too many times -> get acct locked for 5 minutes

        acct on 5 minute lock, try to log in -> acct locked message

        after 5 minute lock, no successful login, fail too many times -> get acct locked until pw reset

        after full acct lock, try to log in -> acct locked message

        after full acct lock, try to reregister -> email in use msg

        after full acct lock, reset pw -> get confirmation email

        full acct lock, reset email confirmed, pw page shown, go to login instead -> acct locked message

        full acct lock, reset email confirmed, pw page shown, go to reregister instead -> email in use msg

        full acct lock, reset email confirmed, pw page used -> logged in

    Login/Logout functions
        Not logged in, navigate to restricted page -> Taken to login page

        Logged in, navigate to restricted page -> shown page

        Login is remembered between page changes

        Logout not available when not logged in

        Logout is available from header menu when logged in

        Logout -> Logged out and taken to login page
